[DOCS-6892] Add download audit events (#787)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: process-automation/latest/admin/monitor.md

The **Audit** section provides details of all the [events]({% link process-automation/latest/model/processes/events.md %}) that have occurred in applications.

> All audit events can be filtered based on the application, event type, event ID, or process instance ID. Use the **Export** button on the top right to download a `.CSV` list of all the audit events. If you have filtered the audit events then you only download the filtered list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All audit events can be filtered based on the application, event type, event ID, or process instance ID. Use the **Export** button on the top right to download a `.CSV` list of all the audit events. Even if you have filtered the audit events you download all the audit events for selected application.
```
